userstories.md, before:

# User Stories

    Freshman Student At NMSU.

As a person that’s totally new to the parking situation at NMSU Campus, I would like to
have a dedicated app that will show where I can park based on my permit, open spots, and how to navigate to the spot.

Elaboration: Users should have the ability to just open the app. Input their status on where
they can park; and find where is the closest parking spot based on their desired campus building location
As a student that has the NMSU parking map like the back of my hand. I would love a dedicated app that will show the closest parking lot with open spots. Navigation would be nice but not really an importance.
	 	 	
Constraints: None
				
Effort Estimation: ~60-80 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools : Your device either iPhone or android
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: Perform the task of having the user input. The needed input, and then 
seamlessly translate to the in-app navigation to the parking spot:
	 
	 	 	
     Senior Student At NMSU with some development knowledge.
	 	 	   
As a student that has the NMSU parking map like the back of my hand. I would love a 
dedicated app that will show the closest parking lot with open spots. Navigation would be nice but not 
really an importance.

Elaboration: User should be able to open the app. Input there need of parking lot closest to 
the building they need to go. Lastly, showing either lots with open parking spaces or actual parking spaces 
that are open.
			
Constraint: Amount of time allotted to development, Knowledge in using sensors, How fast 
the app will update with new information.
	 

Effort Estimation: ~100-120 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools: IPhone, some type of mini computer that will take the sensor data, and 
the use of some local sever to keep all the updated info.
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: Seamless use of the app running and use. It updates at least every time 
the user requests or automatically.


     Professor At NMSU
	 	 	
As a faculty member there is a lot of options that are closer to the building I’m teaching /
have my office in. The use of an official parking app for NMSU would be nice if it had the functionality of telling me the closest parking space that’s open. The spot chosen should have shortest distance to walk to the building I want to go to. Also a nice feature would to have an update if there is any closer spaces open than the original option.
	 	 	
Elaboration: User will be able to open the app and input the building they need to go to. Based on the desired location the app will show the open parking space closest. The app should send me a notification suggesting to change routes if a better parking spot becomes available.
	 	 	
Constraints: the refresh rate of sending a notification to your phone. The usability of the UI. 
Lastly, how much cost for Said app?
			
Effort Estimation: ~150-200 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools: the use of a microcontroller sensor combo an iPhone, and also a local 
server to seamlessly send out notifications.
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: An app that runs flawlessly and is consistent in its operation

Commit message:

Init. Reqs
- Created domain model for user
- Updated problem and requirement docs
- Added to user stories

userstories.md, after:

# User Stories

    Freshman Student At NMSU.

As a person that’s totally new to the parking situation at NMSU Campus, I would like to
have a dedicated app that will show where I can park based on my permit, open spots, and how to navigate to the spot.

Elaboration: Users should have the ability to just open the app. Input their status on where
they can park; and find where is the closest parking spot based on their desired campus building location
As a student that has the NMSU parking map like the back of my hand. I would love a dedicated app that will show the closest parking lot with open spots. Navigation would be nice but not really an importance.
	 	 	
Constraints: None
				
Effort Estimation: ~60-80 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools : Your device either iPhone or android
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: Perform the task of having the user input. The needed input, and then 
seamlessly translate to the in-app navigation to the parking spot:
	 
	 	 	
     Senior Student At NMSU with some development knowledge.
	 	 	   
As a student that has the NMSU parking map like the back of my hand. I would love a 
dedicated app that will show the closest parking lot with open spots. Navigation would be nice but not really an importance.

Elaboration: User should be able to open the app. Input there need of parking lot closest to the building they need to go. Lastly, showing either lots with open parking spaces or actual parking spaces 
that are open.
			
Constraint: Amount of time allotted to development, Knowledge in using sensors, How fast the app will update with new information.
	 

Effort Estimation: ~100-120 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools: IPhone, some type of mini computer that will take the sensor data, and 
the use of some local sever to keep all the updated info.
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: Seamless use of the app running and use. It updates at least every time 
the user requests or automatically.


     Professor At NMSU
	 	 	
As a faculty member there is a lot of options that are closer to the building I’m teaching /
have my office in. The use of an official parking app for NMSU would be nice if it had the functionality of telling me the closest parking space that’s open. The spot chosen should have shortest distance to walk to the building I want to go to. Also a nice feature would to have an update if there is any closer spaces open than the original option.
	 	 	
Elaboration: User will be able to open the app and input the building they need to go to. Based on the desired location the app will show the open parking space closest. The app should send me a notification suggesting to change routes if a better parking spot becomes available.
	 	 	
Constraints: the refresh rate of sending a notification to your phone. The usability of the UI. 
Lastly, how much cost for Said app?
			
Effort Estimation: ~150-200 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools: the use of a microcontroller sensor combo an iPhone, and also a local server to seamlessly send out notifications.
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: An app that runs flawlessly and is consistent in its operation


     Sophmore purchased a commuter permit 

Due to my classes being further away from free parking I purchased a commuter permit. I would like to have the option to update that I have a permit and have the possible parking shown updated. 

Elaboration: Users should have the ability to change their intial permit type and have the app update and correspond. 
	 	 	
Constraints: None
				
Effort Estimation: ~30-40 person-hours
			
Intergrated Tools : Your device either iPhone or android
	 	 	
Acceptance Test: Perform the task of having the user input. The needed input, and then 
seamlessly translate to the in-app navigation.
